hi i'm kirk d calvin from advanced route
at advanced traffic comm this is our
double catch trap this trap is designed
so that once you catch one animal on one
side it will catch an animal another
animal on the other side for instance if
you catch a raccoon in the trap another
raccoon will try and get in with him
he'll catch two raccoons if you catch
one armadillo another armadillo trying
to get in you'll catch two armadillos
it's just a very very efficient trap
it's extremely versatile in that it will
also be very a very good rabbit trap you
can hang bait on the trigger for the
raccoon or the rabbits it's very good
for feral cats because you can hang bait
on the trigger and the cat will grab the
trigger and fire the trap one of the
advantages extreme advantage is that
it's far superior as far as other traps
and in this trap there is no pen and the
other thing is because there is no pen
you can put a wood or cloth or whatever
on the bottom of the trap that it will
absorb the smell of the armadillo if
you're trying to catch armadillos once
you catch one armadillo you can pretty
well set the trap out and catch catch
another one just from the cement scent
or the smell that's coming up from the
base now ideal thing to do though is to
put dirt or trash or cover the bottom
with soil now and also when you first
set your own radula trap out or the trap
to catch an armadillo you want to try
and funnily min now to do that we have
what we call our armadillo kit basically
it's it's the board that you allow that
will absorb the smell of the armadillo
then we've got these metal stakes and
you just form the two by fours and the
shape of the V between your sharp array
shrubbery in your yard you just take
your 2x4 and you just lift it up set it
in there push it into place and just
make a funnel to where you funnel them
into the trap the animal will come in
you'll hit these trigger wires the door
will come down and then it's just a
matter of time if another one comes in
you can catch you from the
if you've got a hole that the armadillo
is coming out of you just set this in
front of the hole maybe line your boards
up so where he'll come in and we'll
funnel him into the trap if you if you
use a single door trap it's not near as
effective or as a single catch trap as
the double catch trap would be one the
main reason is that because the animal
acts as bait for the other one you can
catch a second animal the other thing is
is that if you use a single door trap
you can only can catch him coming in
from one direction now we also offer a
double door trap from advanced trap for
catching raccoons and armadillos that's
excellent it has the same situation and
it will come with an armadillo kit also
and but the advantage to it is is that
you can see all the way through to the
trap it's just the small double door
trap at Advance trap calm and the animal
can see all the way through you just put
the v-shape to funnel them in you just
set the trap again you just pick the
door up and set it animal comes in you
hit the little trigger wires there's no
pan so if it rains mud gets in there
it's not it's always gonna fire it's
just more effective than other traps on
the market thank you